#Ethical Considerations
Some ethical considerations of our product are accessibility and data security. By accessibility, we mean that anyone will be able to use and access it with the various features we have such as light/dark mode and user sign-in. With the various built-in features that we have such as to view posts, to chat with other people, as well as to write and make comments, we have applied them in such a way that anyone can learn to use our product with ease regardless of their technological backgrounds.The data security in our product will ensure that when a user gives us some of his/her personal information in order to further navigate our website, we will ensure that it is all kept safe and confidential. When a user chooses to authenticate themselves with their email address or phone number, we will make sure that that along with any passwords are kept safe from any sort of information leak.

One ethical consideration of our product is accessibility. Our software should be accessible to people with disabilities. An important accessibility consideration is color contrast. We want to make sure that the contrast between the text and background colors is high enough that the colors can be distinguished for users with vision impairments. In addition, the software should support different platforms. Another ethical consideration of our product is privacy and security. Our software should be secure and should not collect any personal information, such as passwords. The product should also have a privacy policy to ensure that all the collected data is used only for the purpose of the software

A few of the features that could be misused are editing, viewing, and replying to posts. This is because sometimes users may not communicate ideas nicely with one another as using these features can be used as tools for them to argue amongst themselves. They may end up doing things such as using language that is extremely offensive and inappropriate for an educational and/or professional environment. One of the strategies that we would employ to solve this issue is to have a report button/function built into our platform for any user to complain about another user or group of users if they feel uncomfortable and unsafe with what they are experiencing on our platform. With this built-in functionality, we will make sure to have some sort of automation that will help the person who reported to solve their problem so that they don’t feel uncomfortable or unsafe next time. We will also make sure to suspend a user’s account if they have been repeatedly reported by another user for inappropriate activity. We can also have terms of policy that require all users to agree when they first sign up for their accounts. Violating the rules or having suspicious activities will result in termination of service.

## A Santa Claus Story
Santa Claus makes an account on a Q/A app. For the Q/A app, Mr. Clause must authenticate himself when logging in through their phone number or their email address. Mr. Clause chose to do it through his email address. The evil Jack Frost gets hold of Santa’s email address and tries to log in with his credentials to steal some private information. The application doesn’t recognize the computer that is trying to sign in, thus it sends Mr. Clause an email that suspicious activity has been detected on his account. Santa is given a couple options on that email. He can either make a new password, use a new email address, or make a new account. Poor Mr. Clause, not having too much technology in the North Pole only knows so little about email addresses only as that is how some children send him their annual letters. So, he chooses to change his email address. The evil Jack Frost plan has now been defeated as Mr. Clause's authentication method. And now his data is safe. Ho Ho Ho!
